joining me now through the magic of the
World Wide Web you know her from the
morning show on Apple TV she had a show
about friends a long time ago live from
her bunker 500 feet below the surface of
the earth
say hello to Jennifer Aniston hello
hello hi Jen I like the glasses I don't
know where my mind to just to keep up
yeah I mean I'm off but I just be
squinting the entire time
yeah no it's funny look good it looks
good how are you doing thanks for being
with us I'm so happy to be with you this
is the most I mean not really episode
this is actually the only communication
I've been having with human beings are
you when you talk to people do you
typically use video chat are you doing
it the old-fashioned way of just the
voice phone there's both I've been doing
both a lot but I've actually discovered
a lot of other options you know there's
the there's FaceTime there's all sorts
of other ways that we can access each
other through the interweb how long has
it been since you have left your house
it has been today's Thursday today's
three weeks please you like to be in the
house by yourself so this is kind of
like not a dream obviously it's a
nightmare but but I'm me personally it's
it's not been that much of a challenge
the most challenging thing is watching
news and and and what's unum trying to
digest that that's going on out there
but you know are you doing that or are
you keeping that away are you watching a
lot of news I allow a check-in in the
morning and then I'll do a check-in in
the evening and then that is it because
basically it's just regurgitating the
exact same thing are you organizing and
rearranging your house and going through
your stuff right now I mean can we just
say that I have acquired a new OCD kind
of a situation because I
I not only do I clean constantly dishes
is now my new favorite favorite thing in
the world because not only are you doing
your dishes you're washing your hands
like that's a good thing was a crazy
person the first week and then I was
realized I had to sort of pull back
because I was gonna run out of closets
and this is where 30 more days
I got a you know paste my said did you
find anything fun that you'd forgotten
you had or something that meant
something yeah I mean my treasure the
treasure that I found I found a couple
treasures one was it was a it was a
Betamax at old like from from the old
VCR days and it was my first audition
from back in I was 13 for search for
tomorrow which was my soap opera my dad
was on but I couldn't Wow back then Wow
dying to see it but I was 13 years old
and I I thought I'd lost it forever but
it was sort of just cleaning out tons of
old boxes I'm dying to see that too
that's had you you don't have a course
you don't have a Betamax or anyway to
get transferred and I will show you and
actually I lost the part I did not get
the part if I remember correctly really
in Krakowski got the part Wow
how about that what was the part and she
it was it was for a part of the
character's name was TR and she was a 13
year old runaway and I my dad at the set
it was Church of Mars shot in New York
at the back end and there was a I heard
their own on the bulletin board it was
an audition for TR 13-year old runaway
and I was like text me it was your dad
supportive of that and he want you to be
on the show
oh no no no absolutely not no no
absolutely not that's why I kind of I
actually went around his back and I had
called his agent Oh Bobby berry Wow
I was very I was a rural uh you know I
know how to I know how to make things
happen yeah I thought I did great
I was sure that I was gonna get and that
was also like my dad's on the show come
on I wonder if my wonderful two things I
wonder if your dad kept you from getting
that part and I also wonder if Jane
Krakowski has her audition tape for that
as well
wouldn't that be something well let me
tell you so that would be incredible if
we could dig it up do you know what else
I found the other this is the other Jim
well then I pulled out an old film reel
like all the time he film reel and it
was my mom and my dad the first year of
marriage and they were on the dating
game wow that's crazy that is a jewel
for me
they remember this directly they won
that they actually won doesn't mean that
winning on the dating game will make a
marriage last
was it the dating game or the newlywed
game because if it was the date it was
definitely the new it was the new my bad
oh that's so great
oh my far as the day goes are you do you
have hobbies are you I know you'd like
to do artwork you have like a pottery
wheel are you are you doing anything
like that i well i there's of course
there's always there's the puzzle Ellen
got me wanting to do puzzles so I
definitely ordered some puzzles of
course is those were selling out like
crazy so I got pretty much the worst
puzzle to do and then then my friend oh
my girlfriend who sent we have a chain a
couple girlfriends of mine and she sent
this this very close-up shot of a what
looked like a paintbrush and then a
paint like a paint-by-numbers and she
said I'm gonna I'm gonna send you a
little video installation everyday and
as I get further along with the painting
I want you to try to guess what it is so
I thought of course well I want to play
that game
I'm gonna do that so I go to my Amazon
or the Amazon as we call it and I type
you know type in adult paint-by-numbers
and then I kind of must have done
something completely wrong and now
because when I so last night actually I
hadn't even gotten this order because I
ordered an easel and then I ordered
three of these paint-by-number sets and
then last week the easel comes and then
I got one of the notification from
Amazon saying your packages will not be
arriving until mid-may right I beneath
and I have no art to put on it but then
last night
it showed up this huge this huge box
from Amazon and I got really excited I
was like what could be in here is so big
and then I opened it and it turns out
Jimmy I did not buy I guess I ordered
something different than what I thought
I thought I ordered paint-by-numbers
what I in fact ordered was the actual
painting of what I thought I ordered
which was a paper number but oh I am now
and now you see this I swear this
happened last night and I definitely
understand what's going on but so when
you see this painting it was more about
I want it to make it as hard as possible
for them to guess what it was so don't
think this is this although it's lovely
okay wow that is a beautiful piece so
are you gonna hang that is that going up
so just just to be clear you that is the
painting you ordered and we're planning
to paint yes it was look at all the
color start really small there's no way
they're gonna guess this is it's a frog
with a bowtie playing golf it is oh yeah
[Laughter]
yeah harkens back to a simpler time when
frogs could play golf when the golf
course yes we're gonna do something
special in a moment because there is a
nurse a very special nurse in particular
who were gonna surprise with something
fun and in the meantime though I do want
to mention that each night my guest gets
to choose the charity and I'll be making
a donation to that charity and we
encourage others to do so what is the
charity that you've chosen the charity
that I've chosen is Opportunity Fund
small business relief fund
that is small businesses that have most
been affected by Kovan 19 yes that is
excellent a lot of small businesses are
hit very hard when we come back jennifer
aniston is going to surprise a fan a
woman who is very deserving and very
much in need of a pleasant surprise
right now so we'll come back with
jennifer aniston we'll be right back